This file lists all requirements that need to be in information to make
it as valuable as it can be, without leavining out any details.

This documentat basically boils down to "Answer the 5 W's"

The goal is that any time i perform any actions on a production server I should be
prepared to answer all of these questions no matter what. My documentation should
be this thorough. Now working on things like a test network aren't as critical,
however it's probably best to commit this habit to all aspects of my life.

Steps to creating valuable documentation
----------------------------------------
1. When did the actions happen that I performed?
Solution: Figure out how to apply a timestamp to everything that i do
Most programming langauges (if not all) have features that let you easily
apply a timestamp.

2. Who performed the actions?
Solution: If I was not the person to perform an action, but I am writing what
happened, then I just have to write down the name of the person that performed
the actions. I don't think there is an easy way to automate this solution, but
I just have to be proactive.

The "who" is generally answered with logging tools already implemented for
security purposes. However if i could attach the security principal to my scripts, that
would be beneficial

3. What did the actions do?
This is the most obvious reason for documentation. However to be as valuable as 
it can be, every detail that can possibly be listed, should be listed.
Solution: List every step that was taken on a production server. Ultimately
it should be so detailed, that it is turned into a script, and able to be
repeated by simply running the script.

4. Where did the actions occur?
This is one of the easiest questions to answer, yet i don't see it answered
often. This is as simple as saying the names of the devices that you performed an action
Solution: List every single device name that where an action occurred. 

5. Why did the actions occur?
Now this step is generally not for my benefit, but my co workers and managers.
Solution: go into what may seem like an unneccesary amount of detail for explaining
why I'm performing the steps. This may be the determining factor in whether not
a change is approved or denied.

6. How much will the action cost?
This is an optional step that should obviously be implemented if any action
that is to be implemented requires a financial cost.

